Cleanup codeowners and contributing files (#531)
SAP/luigi: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Overview

# Contributing to Luigi
We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible.

> ## Our Development Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Our development process
```

We use GitHub to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

> ## Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pull requests
```

> We actively welcome your pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are welcome to contribute with your pull requests. These steps explain the contribution process:
```

> 1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`.
```

2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.

> 4. Ensure the test suite passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure the tests pass.
```

> 5. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Sign the Contributor License Agreement (CLA).
```

> ## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributor License Agreement (CLA)
```

> In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need you to sign the CLA for your pull request to be accepted. You only need to do it once.
```

> to do this once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
A leftover :D

> Complete your CLA here: <https://cla-assistant.io/SAP/luigi>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign your CLA here: <https://cla-assistant.io/SAP/luigi>
```

> Sign your CLA here: <https://cla-assistant.io/SAP/luigi>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign your CLA [here](https://cla-assistant.io/SAP/luigi).
```

## Issues
We use GitHub issues to track bugs. Please ensure your description is

> clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clear and has sufficient instructions to reproduce the issue.
```

> clear and has sufficient instructions to reproduce the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clear and includes sufficient instructions to reproduce the issue.
```
